#### What is npm 

npm opens up an entire world of JavaScript talent for you and your teams. It's the word largest software registry, with approximately 3 billion downloads per week. The registry contains over 600,000 packages(building blocks of code). Open-source developers from every continent use npm to share and borrow packages, and many organizations use npm to manage private development as well.

npm consists of three distinct components:

* the websit
* the Command Line Interface(CLI)
* the registry

Use the [websit](https://www.npmjs.com) to discover packages, set up profiles, and manage other aspects of your npm experience. For example, you can set up Orgs(organizations) to manage access to public or private packages.

The CLI runs from a terminal. This is how most developers interact with npm.

The registry is a large public database of JavaScript software and the meta-information surrounding it.


#### Use npm to ...

* Adapt packages of code to your apps, or incorporate packages as they are.
* Download standalone tools you can use right away.
* Run packages without downloading using npx.
* Share code with any npm user, any where.
* Restrict code to specific developers.
* Form Orgs(organizations) to coordinate package manintenance,coding,and developers.
* Form virtual teams by using Orgs.
* Manager multiple versions of code and code dependencies.
* Update applications easily when underlying code is updated.
* Discover mulltiple ways to solve the same puzzle.
* Find other developers who are working on similar problems and projects.

#### Where do I Start


##### Your First Package Page







