#### Finding and Selecting Packages

To find packages, start with the npm search bar

##### Example: Finding a Package

##### How to Choose Between Similar Packges

each package has been ranked according to four criteria using the npm analyzer:

* Optimal
* Popularity
* Quality
* Maintenance

**Popularity** indicates how many times the package has been downloaded. This is a good indicator of packages that others have found to be especially useful, but not foolproof.

**Quality** includes considerations duch as the presence of a readme file, stability, tests, up-to-date dependencies, custom website, and code complexity.

**Maintenance** ranks packages according to the attention given by developers. Packages that are maintained more frequently are moe likely to work well with the current or upcoming versions of npm, for example.

**Optimal** combines the three other criteria in a meaningfu way.


#### The Package Page

When you choose a package, more information appears. This information is written by the package author(s) so detail vary. This is where you can dicover how to use this package. Developers often provide contact information as well.

##### Parts of the Package Page:

There are the tabs available on the package page.

Viewing Readme

The readme file is created by the package developer. if done well, it explains the purpose of the package, and how to use it.


##### Viewing Dependencies

Many packages are made up of other packages. These packages are called dependencies.

##### Viewing Dependents

Packages that incorporate the package shown in some way are called dependents.

##### Viewing Versions

When a package is updated, a list of previous versions appear.










