#### Working with package.json

The best way to manage locally installed npm packages is to create a package.json file.

A package.json file:

* lists the packages that your project depends on.
* allows you to specify the version of a package that your project can use using semantic versioning rules.
* makes your build reproducible, and therefore much easier to share with other developers.

##### Requirements

A package.json must have: 

* "name"

    * all lowercase
    * one word, no spaces
    * dashes and underscores allowed
    
* "version"

    * in the form of x.x.x
    * follows semver spec
    
```json

{
  "name": "my-awesom-package",
  "version": "1.0.0"
}

```
##### Creating a package.json

1. Run a CLI questionnaire

> npm init

This will initiate a command line questionnaire that will conclude with the creation of a package.json in the directory in which you initiated the command.


2.Create a default package.json

> npm init --yes

> npm set init.author.email "wombat@npmjs.com"
> npm set init.author.name "ag_dubs"
> npm set init.license 'MIT'

if there is no decriptions field in the package.json, npm uses the first line of the README.md or README instead. The description helps peope find your pakcage when searching npm, so it's definitely useful to make a custom description in the package.json to make our package easier ot find.

##### How to Customize th package.json questionaire

if you expect ot create many package.json files. ou might wish to customize the questions asked during the init process, so that the files always contain key information that you expect. YOu can customize the fields as well as the questions that are asked.


#### Specifying Dependencied 

To specify the packages your project depends on, you need to list the packages you'd like to use in your package.json file. There are 2 types of pakcages you can list: 

* "dependencies": These packages are required by your application in production

* "devDependencied": These packages are only needed for development and testing.



##### The --save and --save-dev install flags

The easier(and more awesome) way to add dependencies to your package.json is to do so from the command line, flagging the npm install command with either --save or --save-dev, depending on how you'd like to use that dependency.

To add an entry to your package.json's dependencies: 

> npm install <package_name> --save

To add an entry to your package.json's devDependencies: 

> npm install <package_name> --save-dev

If you have a package.json file in your directory and you run npm install, npm will look at the dependencies that are listed in that file and download the latest versions, using semantic versioning.

#### How to Update a Package

##### How to Update the Version Number

> npm version <update_type>

where <update_type> is one of the sematic versioning release types,patch, minor, or majore

This command will change the version number in package.json.

Note this will also add a tag with the updated release number to your git repository if you have linked one to your npm account.

##### after updating the version number run npm publish again.

#### How to Update the Read Me File 

The README displayed on the site will not be updated unless a new version of your package is published, so you need to run npm version patch and npm publish ot update the documentation displayed on the site.







